### React Static Compiler

## Description

So you use webpack, and are in a desperate need of a static react compiler?

You want to compile a react single page application into a set of static html files?

And grant users pages without any server-side rendering?

And continue using redux?

And still have routes?

And still have the application working as a single page application?

And to share the same codebase and tests between static and single page versions?

Now you can!

## Quickstart

Use `npm install` to install all of the necessary dependencies and binaries. Duh.

Use `npm run build` to build the plugin.

Use `npm run clean` to delete all of the autogenerated files.

## Webpack Configuration

`
	const ReactStaticCompilerPlugin = require('dist');

	plugins.push(
	    new ReactStaticCompilerPlugin({

	    	// Store definition
	    	
	        store: '../app/store/index.js',

	        // Routes definition

	        routes: '../app/routes/routes.js',

	        // Template definition

	        template: '../app/index.html',

	        // React app container id

	        root: 'root',

	        // Component to be treated as index.html

	        index: 'Dashboard',

	        // Trash folder

	        trash: '~trash',

	        // Define how many nested routes to skip when
	        // generating appropriate folder structure

	        nesting: 1

	    })
	);
`

Sample store description:

`
	import {
	    createStore,
	} from 'redux';
	import rootReducer from '../reducers';

	export const store = createStore(rootReducer);
`

Sample routes description

`
	import React from 'react';
	import {
	    Route
	} from 'react-router';

	import {
	    App,
	    Signup,
	    Dashboard
	} from '../containers';

	export const Routes = (
	    <Route component={App}>
	        <Redirect from="/" to="/dashboard" />
	        <Route name="signup" path="signup" component={Signup} />
	        <Route name="dashboard" path="*" component={Dashboard}/>
	    </Route>
	);

	export default Routes;
`

Sample template

`
	<html>
	<head>
		<title>React Static Compiler Sample</title>
		<!-- Styles -->
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="root">
			<!-- Application -->
		</div>
	</body>
	<!-- Scripts -->
	</html>
`

## Features

	- Router
	- Redux

## Future Work

	- Persisting state in local storage
